Research Paper Title that You Plans to Submit to
International Conference or Journal *
*How to write a scientific research paper: Assignment 1 - Write the Proposed Method Sections
1st Given Name Surname
dept. name of organization (of Aff.)
name of organization (of Aff.)
City, Country
email address or ORCID
2nd Given Name Surname
dept. name of organization (of Aff.)
name of organization (of Aff.)
City, Country
email address or ORCID
3rd Given Name Surname
dept. name of organization (of Aff.)
name of organization (of Aff.)
City, Country
email address or ORCID
4th Given Name Surname
dept. name of organization (of Aff.)
name of organization (of Aff.)
City, Country
email address or ORCID
5th Given Name Surname
dept. name of organization (of Aff.)
name of organization (of Aff.)
City, Country
email address or ORCID
6th Given Name Surname
dept. name of organization (of Aff.)
name of organization (of Aff.)
City, Country
email address or ORCID
Abstract—[Will be submitted in next assignments]
Index Terms—component, formatting, style, styling, insert
I. INTRODUCTION
[Will be submitted in next assignments]
II. RELATED WORK
[Will be submitted in next assignments]
III. THE PROPOSED METHOD
Please complete this section and send it to AIVN Research
Team in order to receive feedback and suggestion in improving
the quality of the research.
IV. EXPERIMENTAL RESULTS
[Will be submitted in next assignments]
V. CONCLUSIONS
[Will be submitted in next assignments]
ACKNOWLEDGMENT
[Will be submitted in next assignments]
The preferred spelling of the word “acknowledgment” in
America is without an “e” after the “g”. Avoid the stilted
expression “one of us (R. B. G.) thanks . . .”. Instead, try
“R. B. G. thanks. . .”. Put sponsor acknowledgments in the
unnumbered footnote on the first page.
How to write a scientific research paper: Assignment 1 - Write the Proposed
Method Sections
REFERENCES
[1] G. Eason, B. Noble, and I. N. Sneddon, “On certain integrals of
Lipschitz-Hankel type involving products of Bessel functions,” Phil.
Trans. Roy. Soc. London, vol. A247, pp. 529–551, April 1955.
[2] J. Clerk Maxwell, A Treatise on Electricity and Magnetism, 3rd ed., vol.
2. Oxford: Clarendon, 1892, pp.68–73.
[3] I. S. Jacobs and C. P. Bean, “Fine particles, thin films and exchange
anisotropy,” in Magnetism, vol. III, G. T. Rado and H. Suhl, Eds. New
York: Academic, 1963, pp. 271–350.
[4] K. Elissa, “Title of paper if known,” unpublished.
[5] R. Nicole, “Title of paper with only first word capitalized,” J. Name
Stand. Abbrev., in press.
[6] Y. Yorozu, M. Hirano, K. Oka, and Y. Tagawa, “Electron spectroscopy
studies on magneto-optical media and plastic substrate interface,” IEEE
Transl. J. Magn. Japan, vol. 2, pp. 740–741, August 1987 [Digests 9th
Annual Conf. Magnetics Japan, p. 301, 1982].
[7] M. Young, The Technical Writer’s Handbook. Mill Valley, CA: Univer-
sity Science, 1989.
******************************************
VI. GUIDE TO WRITE
The IEEEtran class file is used to format your paper and
style the text. All margins, column widths, line spaces, and
text fonts are prescribed; please do not alter them. You may
note peculiarities. For example, the head margin measures
proportionately more than is customary. This measurement and
others are deliberate, using specifications that anticipate your
paper as one part of the entire proceedings, and not as an
independent document. Please do not revise any of the current
designations.
Before you begin to format your paper, first write and save
the content as a separate text file. Complete all content and
organizational editing before formatting. Please note sections
VI-A–VI-E below for more information on proofreading,
spelling and grammar.
Keep your text and graphic files separate until after the text
has been formatted and styled. Do not number text heads—
LATEX will do that for you.
A. Abbreviations and Acronyms
Define abbreviations and acronyms the first time they are
used in the text, even after they have been defined in the
abstract. Abbreviations such as IEEE, SI, MKS, CGS, ac, dc,
and rms do not have to be defined. Do not use abbreviations
in the title or heads unless they are unavoidable.
B. Units
• Use either SI (MKS) or CGS as primary units. (SI units
are encouraged.) English units may be used as secondary
units (in parentheses). An exception would be the use of
English units as identifiers in trade, such as “3.5-inch disk
drive”.
• Avoid combining SI and CGS units, such as current
in amperes and magnetic field in oersteds. This often
leads to confusion because equations do not balance
dimensionally. If you must use mixed units, clearly state
the units for each quantity that you use in an equation.
• Do not mix complete spellings and abbreviations of units:
“Wb/m2” or “webers per square meter”, not “webers/m2”.
Spell out units when they appear in text: “. . . a few
henries”, not “. . . a few H”.
• Use a zero before decimal points: “0.25”, not “.25”. Use
“cm3”, not “cc”.)
C. Equations
Number equations consecutively. To make your equations
more compact, you may use the solidus ( / ), the exp
function, or appropriate exponents. Italicize Roman symbols
for quantities and variables, but not Greek symbols. Use a
long dash rather than a hyphen for a minus sign. Punctuate
equations with commas or periods when they are part of a
sentence, as in:
a + b = γ
(1)
Be sure that the symbols in your equation have been defined
before or immediately following the equation. Use “(1)”, not
“Eq. (1)” or “equation (1)”, except at the beginning of a
sentence: “Equation (1) is . . .”
D. LATEX-Specific Advice
Please use “soft” (e.g., \eqref{Eq}) cross references
instead of “hard” references (e.g., (1)). That will make it
possible to combine sections, add equations, or change the
order of figures or citations without having to go through the
file line by line.
Please don’t use the {eqnarray} equation environ-
ment. Use {align} or {IEEEeqnarray} instead. The
{eqnarray} environment leaves unsightly spaces around
relation symbols.
Please note that the {subequations} environment in
LATEX will increment the main equation counter even when
there are no equation numbers displayed. If you forget that,
you might write an article in which the equation numbers skip
from (17) to (20), causing the copy editors to wonder if you’ve
discovered a new method of counting.
BIBTEX does not work by magic. It doesn’t get the biblio-
graphic data from thin air but from .bib files. If you use BIBTEX
to produce a bibliography you must send the .bib files.
LATEX can’t read your mind. If you assign the same label to
a subsubsection and a table, you might find that Table I has
been cross referenced as Table IV-B3.
LATEX does not have precognitive abilities. If you put a
\label command before the command that updates the
counter it’s supposed to be using, the label will pick up the last
counter to be cross referenced instead. In particular, a \label
command should not go before the caption of a figure or a
table.
Do not use \nonumber inside the {array} environment.
It will not stop equation numbers inside {array} (there
won’t be any anyway) and it might stop a wanted equation
number in the surrounding equation.
E. Some Common Mistakes
• The word “data” is plural, not singular.
• The subscript for the permeability of vacuum µ0, and
other common scientific constants, is zero with subscript
formatting, not a lowercase letter “o”.
• In American English, commas, semicolons, periods, ques-
tion and exclamation marks are located within quotation
marks only when a complete thought or name is cited,
such as a title or full quotation. When quotation marks
are used, instead of a bold or italic typeface, to highlight
a word or phrase, punctuation should appear outside of
the quotation marks. A parenthetical phrase or statement
at the end of a sentence is punctuated outside of the
closing parenthesis (like this). (A parenthetical sentence
is punctuated within the parentheses.)
• A graph within a graph is an “inset”, not an “insert”. The
word alternatively is preferred to the word “alternately”
(unless you really mean something that alternates).
• Do not use the word “essentially” to mean “approxi-
mately” or “effectively”.
• In your paper title, if the words “that uses” can accurately
replace the word “using”, capitalize the “u”; if not, keep
using lower-cased.
• Be aware of the different meanings of the homophones
“affect” and “effect”, “complement” and “compliment”,
“discreet” and “discrete”, “principal” and “principle”.
• Do not confuse “imply” and “infer”.
• The prefix “non” is not a word; it should be joined to the
word it modifies, usually without a hyphen.
• There is no period after the “et” in the Latin abbreviation
“et al.”.
• The abbreviation “i.e.” means “that is”, and the abbrevi-
ation “e.g.” means “for example”.
An excellent style manual for science writers is [7].
F. Authors and Affiliations
The class file is designed for, but not limited to, six
authors. A minimum of one author is required for all confer-
ence articles. Author names should be listed starting from left
to right and then moving down to the next line. This is the
author sequence that will be used in future citations and by
indexing services. Names should not be listed in columns nor
group by affiliation. Please keep your affiliations as succinct as
possible (for example, do not differentiate among departments
of the same organization).
G. Identify the Headings
Headings, or heads, are organizational devices that guide the
reader through your paper. There are two types: component
heads and text heads.
Component heads identify the different components of
your paper and are not topically subordinate to each other.
Examples include Acknowledgments and References and, for
these, the correct style to use is “Heading 5”. Use “figure
caption” for your Figure captions, and “table head” for your
table title. Run-in heads, such as “Abstract”, will require you
to apply a style (in this case, italic) in addition to the style
provided by the drop down menu to differentiate the head from
the text.
Text heads organize the topics on a relational, hierarchical
basis. For example, the paper title is the primary text head
because all subsequent material relates and elaborates on this
one topic. If there are two or more sub-topics, the next
level head (uppercase Roman numerals) should be used and,
conversely, if there are not at least two sub-topics, then no
subheads should be introduced.
H. Figures and Tables
a) Positioning Figures and Tables: Place figures and
tables at the top and bottom of columns. Avoid placing them
in the middle of columns. Large figures and tables may span
across both columns. Figure captions should be below the
figures; table heads should appear above the tables. Insert
figures and tables after they are cited in the text. Use the
abbreviation “Fig. 1”, even at the beginning of a sentence.
TABLE I
TABLE TYPE STYLES
Table
Table Column Head
Head
Table column subhead
Subhead
Subhead
copy
More table copya
aSample of a Table footnote.
Figure Labels: Use 8 point Times New Roman for Figure
labels. Use words rather than symbols or abbreviations when
writing Figure axis labels to avoid confusing the reader. As an
example, write the quantity “Magnetization”, or “Magnetiza-
tion, M”, not just “M”. If including units in the label, present
them within parentheses. Do not label axes only with units. In
the example, write “Magnetization (A/m)” or “Magnetization
{A[m(1)]}”, not just “A/m”. Do not label axes with a ratio of
Fig. 1. Example of a figure caption.
quantities and units. For example, write “Temperature (K)”,
not “Temperature/K”.
REFERENCES
Please number citations consecutively within brackets [1].
The sentence punctuation follows the bracket [2]. Refer simply
to the reference number, as in [3]—do not use “Ref. [3]”
or “reference [3]” except at the beginning of a sentence:
“Reference [3] was the first . . .”
Number footnotes separately in superscripts. Place the ac-
tual footnote at the bottom of the column in which it was
cited. Do not put footnotes in the abstract or reference list.
Use letters for table footnotes.
Unless there are six authors or more give all authors’ names;
do not use “et al.”. Papers that have not been published,
even if they have been submitted for publication, should be
cited as “unpublished” [4]. Papers that have been accepted for
publication should be cited as “in press” [5]. Capitalize only
the first word in a paper title, except for proper nouns and
element symbols.
For papers published in translation journals, please give the
English citation first, followed by the original foreign-language
citation [6].
ACKNOWLEDGMENT
The preferred spelling of the word “acknowledgment” in
America is without an “e” after the “g”. Avoid the stilted
expression “one of us (R. B. G.) thanks . . .”. Instead, try
“R. B. G. thanks. . .”. Put sponsor acknowledgments in the
unnumbered footnote on the first page.
